# wasabi
Due to the pandemic there has been a gap between the learner and the educator, our application hopes to bridge this. With all standardized tests going online, the score submission/verification has become a lengthy and costly process taking approximately 5-7 days. It also costs 27$ to verify and send scores to each university. Hence we came up with a faster and effective solution using Microsoft Azure's Decentralised Identity.

How it works: The student first sign up using a unique username, password and a student id which is provided by the school or university. He is then issued a Verifiable Credential (VC) on his micrsoft authenitcator app. The student then uploads a pdf copy of the chapters or pages he was asked to revise by his/her/their course instructor. Then a quiz is dynamically generated (uses NLP to form question and answers) for which the student will have to type in the answers. At the end of the quiz a score is generated which he can submit to the school or university. To do so he will have to sign in to his school/university account and verify himself with his authinticator app. Then the student has to click submit score and a verfied score will be sent to the school against his student id. This process not only helps students revise easily without the help of a friend or the hassle of making questions on their own but also helps schools and university verify the score in a matter of seconds. The same technology can be used to standardized test scores to universities for undergrad+ levels. It usually takes about 5-7 days for the SAT/GRE/TOEFL scores to go to college and not only that, the student also has to pay $27 per university to send the score. With the help of Verfiable credential and decentralized identity technology we not only cut down on the time but also the cost as well. This is a big step towards making it easier and cost affective for more students to apply to universities.

Simple Flow Chart Student signs up -> receives VC -> takes tests. Students logs into school account -> VC verified -> scores shared instantly.

